I'm sorry, Ji Tae.
And you too, Ji Soo.
I'm sorry, Mom.
(Episode 5)
I'll move into that house.
What do you mean by
moving into that house?
I'll move to
my parents' house.
Parents' house?
What do you mean?
Are you joking?
Did you make up your mind?
Stop it, Mom.
Mother.
Ji An.
Ji Tae...
Do you remember staying
at my mom's house...
before we left for Dubai?
Before we left for Dubai?
The time you lived
with Father...
because you were sick?
There was an accident...
at that time.
I'll tell them, Mom.
At that time,
Ji Soo's twin had died.
And they found me
before moving to Dubai.
They thought
I was abandoned.
Right, Mom?
What...
What do you mean she died?
Do you mean Ji An died?
No way.
Are you saying...
you're not my real sister?
I don't know how they
did it, but they found me,
and we met.
So I decided to move
into their house.
You met them? Already?
When?
Did they ask you
to move in?
What are their jobs?
Actually...
They're from
Haesung Corporation.
The company in which
Ji An worked on contract.
- Haesung Corporation?
She has made up her mind.
Respect her decision.
We're not twins?
You're not my sister?
Mom.
I'm sorry, Mom.
You shouldn't apologize.
It had to be done.
I know you're
disappointed.
Mom. Is it true?
Is she really not
my sister?
It doesn't make sense.
How can she
not be my sister?
Ji Soo.
How can we not be twins?
So the real Ji An is dead?
No way. You're lying,
aren't you, Mom?
Don't be so stubborn.
Finish your meal.
You have to go to work.
Let's go, okay?
What do you mean you're
moving to their house?
Why would you go there?
Let's go.
Let's talk outside, okay?
The workers are here.
Why are they here
so early?
I called them...
to finish working
on Eun Seok's room.
Mother, did Eun Seok
decide to come?
Not yet. But she
might come soon.
She might not
move in at all.
Let's not
get our hopes up.
There's nothing you can do
if she says no, right?
I'm just saying,
we should give her...
some time
with that family.
I can't let her stay
in that house.
She wouldn't say no. That
family isn't doing well.
Tell them to
finish the floor...
so that we can have
the furniture in tomorrow.
Okay.
(Yang Mi Jung)
Hello. It's No Myung Hee.
Go ahead.
I know who's calling.
She'll come?
Okay.
I'm in the middle of
having breakfast.
I'll call you back later.
Mother.
Is Eun Seok coming?
Yes.
She said she'll come.
Eun Seok said...
she'll come?
Already?
When is she coming?
But...
why couldn't they...
find you until now?
I didn't hear about that.
I said everything I know.
So you probably...
don't know the details.
Is that what you want to
know? She's moving out.
Ji Ho, aren't you sad
about Ji An leaving?
Me?
I'm okay.
Even if you leave,
you're still my sister.
- Hey...
- Ji Soo.
It's time for Ji An
to live on her own.
Ji Tae, what about you?
Are you okay with
Ji An leaving?
I need to go to work.
Let's talk about it later.
Although there's nothing
to talk about.
What do you mean there's
nothing to talk about?
She's an adult. She made
the decision herself.
It's not like we'll never
see her again.
What's wrong with you all?
I'm just living
in a different house.
I understand
their situation too.
We're already family.
I'm just getting
one more family.
It's not like I'm out
of this family.
Just think about it
that way.
Aren't you going to work,
Ji Soo?
Ji Tae should go to work,
and Ji Ho should go study.
See you later.
What's wrong?
Are you feeling okay?
Did you cry?
I retched because I
thought I had indigestion.
- Are you okay, Father?
- Are you okay?
I'm fine.
I suddenly had indigestion
upon hearing the news.
It's been a while
since I saw you smile.
Do Kyung and Seo Hyun,
you two must
help Eun Seok...
to make her our family
as fast as possible.
Don't tell anyone else
that we found Eun Seok.
Nobody should know before
our official announcement.
What do you mean by an
official announcement?
We need to give Eun Seok
time to adjust.
Okay. We will do our best.
The media will probably
make gossip out of her...
about returning
after 25 years.
What are you
going to do then?
We'll handle it.
Just make sure you behave.
There's been a lot of
issues with conglomerates.
There's a rumor that
the media is after us.
I've heard about that too.
Once they find out
about Eun Seok,
you two will be mentioned
as well.
Let me know when you
come up with a plan.
I can't wait to meet
Eun Seok.
I was curious...
about her name
and where she worked,
but I didn't ask
since you didn't tell us.
I want to know what
kind of person she became.
She's a good girl.
She grew up well even in
a difficult environment.
Could you
lend me 20,000 dollars?
(No Myung Hee
20,000 dollars)
Send me your
account details,
and check
five minutes later.
20,000 dollars...
has been given
as if it were 20 dollars.
Stop putting on a show...
if you won't pay
the full 20,700 dollars.
She's always on time.
Why is she late today?
You're 10 minutes late.
I'm sorry.
Are... Are you crying now?
I'm just going
through something now.
That's none
of my business.
Return after you're done.
Okay.
(Haesung Corporation)
(Mr. Choi proved to be
capable with new...)
(strategies and received
positive evaluations.)
(Senior Manager,
Choi Do Kyung)
She had a brother who's
the same age as me.
What is the season now?
It's autumn.
It's September now.
Is it really autumn when
it's this hot outside?
I agree.
It's September, but it's
still so hot outside.
I guess it's still summer.
If it's still summer, why
is your main display...
- a heavy coat?
- Pardon?
You say that you're
in the apparel business.
But how can you be aware
of only four seasons?
We're going under
a change of seasons.
A midterm season before
the next season arrives.
This is not listed
in dictionaries.
But there is a report of
this newly-coined word...
by the National Academy
of the Korean Language.
I see.
Look at this.
Why is this jacket
hiding here?
This is the perfect jacket
clients want at this time.
Change the display
with this jacket.
Yes, sir.
Can I take a look
at that jacket?
Why would you take
a look at the jacket?
This is made
for you to wear.
This jacket's concept
focuses on the mobility.
It's light and thin,
so it is easy to carry.
When you wear this at
night or for an occasion,
you'll look great.
The jacket fits
you perfectly.
- Hello.
- Hi.
I'm the one who owes
you 20,700 dollars.
(Assailant)
Why did you call me?
Hold on.
I answered because I did
not check the caller ID.
Why do I have to
talk with you?
I'm working now.
I...
What? What is it
this time?
I called you because we
have unfinished business.
I don't think we do.
I have
unfinished business.
I don't.
You didn't even hear
what I'm talking about.
Do you have
a terrible memory?
I said we have nothing
to discuss last night.
That settlement
was one-sided.
I have something
I need to take care of.
I will give you the 5,000.
Are you talking
about 5,000 dollars?
Forget it.
I wasn't referring
to 5,000 dollars.
I'm hanging up.
I'll hang up and block
your number. Don't...
Aren't you a member
of N-Gaon?
Should I visit you
at work?
Are... Are you
threatening me?
You're working
out of your office now?
Where are you? Why don't
I meet you there?
It won't take long.
I need only three minutes.
What...
Okay. I'll see you there
in 30 minutes.
Hello.
In what form would you
like the 20,700 dollars?
Would you like them
in checks?
I wasn't referring
to 5,000 dollars.
There's nothing we need to
discuss except that.
Should I visit you
at work?
I knew I had a bad
feeling about this.
It looked like
she knew who I was.
Just make sure you behave.
There's been a lot of
issues with conglomerates.
There's a rumor that
the media is after us.
I shouldn't have called
her to Yangpyeong.
I shouldn't have. I gave
her something to chew on.
Hello. I'm here.
Please tell me
what this is about.
You're not going
to get off?
I'm quite busy.
I must hurry off after
hearing what you say.
All right then.
Take this.
- What is this?
- See it for yourself.
Why would I do that?
This is what I wanted
to give you.
Take a look.
What is this?
- What's all this money?
- The 20,700 dollars.
Count them, and
give me the receipt.
Why did you pay me
in 50-dollar bills?
And what do you mean by
a receipt?
Should I just give you
20,700 dollars without...
checking how much
the repairs cost?
I... I already got rid
of that car.
I changed it to this car.
I don't care about that.
You do what you want
with your property.
Then give me the estimate
for the repairs.
Right! And check
the money first.
Do you want me
to count these here?
However,
where did you get
this money?
I gave you what I owe you.
Count them, and
give me the estimate.
Where did you get it? You
didn't have it last night.
Just count the bills.
Did you take out
a private loan?
Oh, I almost forgot.
100 dollars
for the trunk show,
80 dollars for the
round-trip taxi fares,
10 dollars
for the laundry,
and 10 dollars for the
dinner I couldn't eat.
I can take out
200 dollars, right?
Count if it's
20,500 dollars.
What in the world...
Where did you
get this money?
You said you were busy.
So just count them...
I don't need to.
I won't accept this.
- Why not?
- Because I already...
decided that
I won't accept it.
Keep your pride at the
expense you can handle.
- What?
- I get that your pride...
was bruised from the trunk
show and last night.
But how can you
be so reckless?
Go, and return this money.
You can save the interest.
I didn't take out
a private loan.
Don't worry, and take it.
If not, who would give
this to someone like you?
"Someone like me?"
What kind of person am I?
I... I mean...
A shameless girl
who's polite...
for 20,000 dollars, but
haughty for 5,000 dollars?
A beggar who bowed down
when you cleared my debts?
What else? The more you
know me, the worse I am?
It was you who caused
that misunderstanding.
Don't you remember?
You provided the cause
for the misunderstanding.
Don't you remember?
How you called me to
Yangpyeong, used me there,
and then abandoned me?
I said I had...
I bet something
urgent came up.
When something urgent
happens to you,
can I not be mad of
whatever happens to me?
Why? Because
you gave me a break?
Because you lowered the
repair fee to 5,000?
Because you alone
decided not to accept...
the money from me?
But when I got upset, you
thought I was arrogant.
You thought how someone
like me could get mad?
So you told me to pay
20,000 to trample over me.
How can you say you did it
out of noblesse oblige?
Did... Did you just say...
that I trampled over you?
You weren't doing
me a favor.
What do you mean?
My life is a series
of favors I do for others.
You're taking credit
with your parents' money.
- That was pathetic.
- Hey!
- Don't be so rude.
- What?
You told me to pay back if
I wanted to be arrogant.
So I'm being arrogant
after I paid you back.
How dare you be so rude!
Goodness, I...
You're going too far with
the money you borrowed.
Know your limit when I'm
getting off your back.
Stop letting your ego
do all the talking.
No. Just tell me where
you got this money.
I'll only accept it then.
Why would I tell you that?
A loan, organ donation,
or working at a bar.
It's none of your concern.
A loan, organ donation,
and working at a bar?
I won't ask for the repair
estimate. Just go.
Hey... Hey!
Goodness.
My bad. I just
meant to tap.
Why are you pushing it?
I said I'll let you off.
I said I'll give
it to you.
I can't talk with you.
Let's stop this nonsense.
I get it now.
So please take
this money back.
Do I still look
like a beggar to you?
It was you who
caused all of this.
And I don't make people
go above their means.
I can only accept this if
I know you can afford to.
You'll ruin your life just
to keep your pride intact.
Hey.
Hey!
This is my
sincere request.
Let's not see each
other ever again.
Okay.
That's more like it.
This is my
sincere request.
Think why I brought
you 20,000 dollars...
as you count these bills.
Hey! Stop right there.
Hey.
Gosh.
Hey, you!
Seriously.
Hey!
I can't believe this.
(Victim)
(Are you sure you want to
delete this phone number?)
- Let's go for lunch.
- Okay.
-Let's go.
- Gosh, I'm hungry.
Hello?
Why did you call me?
You rarely call me first.
Did you have lunch yet?
Not yet. It's only noon.
I was about to have lunch.
Then have lunch with me.
I'm in Daejeon right now.
You... You're in Daejeon?
Are you going through
puberty or something?
You came here just to
have lunch with me?
Are you hungry? I heard
this restaurant serves...
good rice and soup.
Don't be absurd. Let's
eat something you like.
I booked the most popular
restaurant in Daejeon.
Let's just eat here.
It's okay. It takes only
three minutes by taxi.
Why aren't you eating
the marinated crab?
You eat two bowls of rice
with marinated crabs.
I don't feel like eating.
Why not?
I guess you have
something to tell me.
Go ahead.
Just eat. I'll tell you
once you are done.
I knew you were
acting strange.
You weren't here to give
some side dishes for me.
Tell me.
You'll lose your appetite
once you hear it.
I'll have an upset stomach
if I hear it after eating.
Just tell me.
Tae Soo.
I...
made a huge mistake.
Did you borrow money
from Hae Ja?
Then what?
It turns out...
that they didn't
abandon her.
The child...
Someone kidnapped her...
and abandoned her
after taking her jewels.
What are you talking
about? I don't understand.
I'm talking about Ji Soo.
Her birth mother
came to me.
Ji Soo's birth mother?
What?
But...
I told her it was Ji An.
Wait a second.
Ji Soo's birth mother
came to you,
but you said
her daughter is Ji An?
What are you
talking about?
I don't understand
what you're talking about.
Tell me in a way
I can understand.
I printed out
an article about it.
This was her.
(The daughter of Haesung
Corporation is missing.)
She was their daughter.
Haesung Corporation.
Ji Soo is...
their daughter?
Was it Seo Tae Soo?
The man who took Eun Seok.
What about Seo Tae Soo?
What do you want to do
with the couple?
They made us waste
the past 25 years.
What do you think?
I was thinking about
paying them.
Paying them?
I bet you were thinking
about the same thing.
Is this what you wanted
to talk about over lunch?
At first,
I wanted to meet him
and teach him a lesson.
But I guess we should
cover it up for Eun Seok.
Are you saying
you'll forgive him?
Pay them handsomely.
So Eun Seok will feel
unencumbered.
I appreciate your struggle
to find her by yourself.
I still can't
believe this.
I feel so bad...
that I tried to think
she was dead.
I'm sorry for you
and Eun Seok.
It must've been hard
for you too...
to think that way...
for the past 25 years.
You've never given up
hope the whole time.
Thank you.
I owe it all to you.
But I lost her
in the first place.
It's not that
you lost her on purpose.
If it weren't for you, we
wouldn't have found her.
They never told me...
how they found out
about us.
They hired a door-to-door
cosmetic saleswoman.
Do you remember that day?
When Ji An and Ji Soo's
toothbrushes were gone.
They did DNA tests
with the toothbrushes.
But you told them
Ji An's their daughter.
Why on earth did you
do that?
I don't know.
It just slipped out.
Which is it?
Don't torment me
any longer, Mi Jung.
Which girl is mine?
Which is it?
Which one is mine?
Who is my daughter?
It's Ji An!
She kept asking me...
which one is her daughter.
She kept pushing me
into a corner.
Then I remembered
Ji An's back.
And her name
came out of my mouth.
What are you talking
about? That's ridiculous.
When I saw Ji An...
at the police station...
(Mom)
It's your mother.
Ji An is at
the police station...
for assault.
Come to the police station
for settlement.
Assault?
Here's the change, ma'am.
Ma'am?
This is how
the world works.
Let's go.
Dad...
Her friend stole her job
using her connections,
and she didn't tell Ji An
to get her riled up.
When I saw Ji An's back
that day,
I wanted to kill myself.
Ji An was living her life
like that.
She's struggled to earn
her school expenses.
She's worked as an intern
and a contract worker.
I just thought that's what
happens to kids nowadays.
I knew things would be
tough for her,
but I didn't know she'd
live in misery like that.
So I said her name.
I said her name, but...
This is just crazy, right?
I took someone else's kid
and raised her.
And now...
I told them their daughter
is Ji An, not Ji Soo.
- So...
- But...
I didn't want to confess
the truth.
I didn't want to admit
that I made a mistake.
I didn't want to tell them
Ji Soo is their daughter.
How could you...
- Mi Jung.
- You know...
that we raised Ji Soo
like our own daughter.
Let's pretend...
that we swapped our
daughter with theirs.
Have you lost your mind?
No, I cannot allow this.
Tell them the truth
and apologize right away!
It's already too late.
What are you
talking about?
Ji An has decided
to go live with them!
You must know what that
means. Don't you know her?
It means she can't take it
anymore.
She has no energy left
to hold out.
Pretend to know nothing,
and just let her go.
Get up. We have to go
to Seoul right now.
Taxi! Taxi!
Ji An said
she wants to go!
She said she wants to go
live with them.
She said it because she
doesn't know the truth,
thinking that she's
really their daughter.
She was fooled
by your lies!
So, what are you going
to do in Seoul?
I must tell Ji An first,
then tell that family...
that she's not
their daughter.
Tae Soo,
let me tell you something.
If you do that, you'll
lose both daughters.
I'll lose both of them?
What do you mean?
Ji An has already decided
to live as their daughter.
Do you think Ji Soo will
forgive us?
She'll know that we're
sending Ji An...
to that rich family
instead of her.
Ji Soo knows about this?
Ji Tae and Ji Ho know too.
Ji An announced
in front of everyone...
that she has decided to
live with that family.
How could you do this?
You didn't even discuss
with me about this.
What have you done?
How could you...
Had I told you,
you wouldn't have let me
do it.
Why are you so foolish?
You'll send Ji An instead
of Ji Soo, then what?
There's no such thing
as a secret.
As soon as
she moves in,
she can go study abroad.
What?
I'll tell her to go study
abroad as soon as she can.
You know that she has
always dreamt of...
studying sculpture
since elementary school.
She liked making things
way more than Ji Tae did.
Did you fool everyone...
just so she can
study abroad?
"Just so that she can
study abroad?"
Tae Soo, you make it
sound so easy.
It's not just studying.
She'll get her dream back.
Who made her give up? Why
did she have to give up?
She had to take a leave of
absence to make money...
for her tuition fees
and so on.
Unlike her friends, she
never got to go abroad...
or build her resume.
Who made her
live like that?
They might find out
down the road,
but she'll still be able
to study abroad.
That can't be
taken away.
What will happen
if they find out?
What about Ji An?
How do you think
she'll feel?
What is she going to do?
She didn't fool them.
It was all me.
She was also fooled by me.
She'll be shocked
and blame me.
I don't care about that.
Then what about Ji Soo?
Don't you feel guilty
when you think about her?
Ji Soo is...
She's happy enough here.
Ji An...
is unhappy with us.
I didn't know you'd be
here in person, sir.
I wanted to
pick it up myself.
Is it ready?
To whom are you
gifting it to?
It's limited-edition, and
you even got it engraved.
It belongs to this person.
Although it's
eight years too late.
I'll tell the kids...
that you can't come to
Seoul for a little while.
I'll tell Ji An
to see you later on,
so just pretend
you know nothing,
and stay here.
Are you...
the Yang Mi Jung I know?
The woman whom I've been
living with for 35 years.
Are you really her?
I should go.
Hey, Myung Shin.
Are you busy?
No.
I was just wondering
what I should do today.
What? You were wondering
what you should do?
"Working my shift." "On
the road after my shift."
I was expecting to hear
something like that.
Oh, the tteokbokki place
we used to love is gone.
Are you in Hongdae now?
Are you there
for an interview?
No, I'm just
walking around.
I didn't hear from you,
so I waited and decided
I should call you.
I heard you didn't get
the job at Haesung.
That's right.
What has gotten into you?
You're acting like a girl
from a rich family...
with no worries.
Myung Shin.
The sky in September
is really beautiful.
The clouds are pretty too.
Who knew the sky in Seoul
still looked like this?
Ji An, are you okay?
Oh, I hear the bell.
Go to your class.
Let's talk later.
Wait.
Yoon Hee's wedding is
tomorrow. You know, right?
Gosh, I forgot.
Is it tomorrow?
Are you coming?
Of course. I must
be there for Yoon Hee.
I'll meet you
in front of the venue.
Go to your class.
I almost forgot.
Yoon Ha Jung.
(We loan money to
housewives...)
(Agreement to Give Up
My Body and Organs)
No, no. She said
it's not a private loan.
She won't even pass
the interview.
You're only taking
my kidney, right?
Her heart, kidney, liver,
lungs, and eyeballs.
Mr. Choi, the meeting
is about to start.
What meeting?
In the morning,
you asked me...
to call a meeting for the
strategic planning team.
Oh, yes. I remember.
By the way, what is that?
- This?
- Yes.
Mr. Yoo, let's say you
need 20,000 dollars today.
If not, you'll get fired.
What will you do then?
Then I'll just ask you...
Me?
I won't lend you a penny.
Then I'll use
my rent deposit.
You live at your friend's
place. There's no deposit.
Then I'll sell my watch
and other things...
They're all knock-offs.
Then I'll get my severance
pay in advance...
There's no severance pay.
- I'll ask my parents...
- Your parents?
Yes, my parents
will help me.
Will your parents give you
that much in cash?
By the way, is that
20,000 dollars?
Well, what kind of parents
give 20,000 dollars...
in 50-dollar bills?
Gosh, no one
would do that.
Unless they're loan
sharks, that is.
Right? No parents
would do such a thing.
Then how on earth
did she get this money?
1, from a loan shark.
2, from working at a bar.
Three, from selling
organs.
If it's a girl, the bar.
If it's a guy, the organs.
But these days,
even bars...
don't pay that much unless
the girl is super hot.
I guess 10,000 dollars
per person is possible.
10,000 per person?
10,000 per person...
Two girls?
I have a seriously
bad feeling about this.
I like this the most.
Is the furniture ready?
Yes. They'll be delivered
by the time...
the floor's done.
Then we're left with
the curtains and bedding.
- We chose the bedding.
- Yes.
Mom.
When did you come home?
I just dropped by to check
the furniture and layout.
I'm leaving for
my afternoon class.
How about flowy curtains
in white or ivory?
Mom, I'm off to class.
Okay.
I have to leave soon.
Let's speed things up.
- Okay.
- That's nice.
- Oh no. Are you okay?
- What's wrong?
- Are you okay?
- Get up.
Are you all right?
Are you sick?
You haven't been yourself
since you had lunch.
I'm fine. I'll be okay.
What's going on?
Watch yourself.
Please tell Eun Seok that
we have everything ready.
I will.
I'll say that...
you and your husband made
a mistake 25 years ago.
I'll let it go. It's what
my husband wants.
When can we pick her up?
I think... Soon,
within a few days.
Ji An will need time
to sort things out.
I had something
to say to you,
but you said you wanted to
speak with me. Go ahead.
Well...
I'd like you to...
let Ji An
go abroad to study.
Abroad?
She wanted to
be a sculptor.
She had that dream since
she was in middle school.
We meant to send her
to study art in Chicago,
but then my husband's
business failed.
She had to give up art...
We'll deal with that.
Ji An was very good.
She's very talented.
That's enough.
What?
You raised her
all these years,
so it'll take some time
to cut ties.
Still, it must be done.
- What do you mean?
- To join our family,
don't you think
she'll need time?
You won't see her until
she makes the transition.
Open it.
What's this?
We meant to open
the store ourselves,
so it's in a good spot.
If you fill in and
submit the form,
our staff
will contact you.
Why are you
giving this to me?
What is this for?
We don't need it.
I looked you up
before visiting you.
Your husband
struggled for a while...
after his business failed.
We get by.
Not knowing when
you'll starve isn't ideal.
It's none of your concern.
Your husband is
a day laborer.
Shouldn't he have
a stable job?
What?
Ji An will be concerned
about you for a while.
How would she feel
knowing her father is...
a construction worker?
No, you're wrong.
My husband works at...
a distribution center.
He's a manager there.
Is that what
your husband told you?
Consider this compensation
for the costs of...
raising Eun Seok.
- Thank you.
- Bye.
Ji Soo.
Yes?
Did your parents
pass away?
No.
Did the man
on the bike reject you?
No.
You have an eye infection.
See a doctor.
I don't need to.
It's not an infection.
You only stop crying
when there's a customer.
See a psychiatrist.
I hate it when people cry.
Okay.
Welcome.
- Do your legs hurt?
- Yes.
Just a moment.
Sit on this. Hang on.
We don't have chairs.
Thanks, miss.
What's going on?
She didn't have
the money last night,
but she brought me cash
this morning.
Cash?
A plastic bag
full of 50-dollar bills.
They weren't from a bank.
They weren't in
bundles or piles.
She got the money
to save her pride?
- She's interesting.
- Interesting?
I've never had
this bad a feeling.
Why is it bad?
Pride can't beat money.
I mocked her a bit.
It could've hurt.
A girl who didn't have
5,000 dollars...
got 20,000 from
somewhere overnight?
Just for pride?
- Revenge.
- Revenge?
Do Kyung, return
the money right away.
Someone must've
snapped you taking it.
Photographs?
I thought about that...
and looked around.
There was nothing.
If you didn't see him,
maybe he's an expert.
What can you do
with photos?
Say you demanded something
after the accident.
Haesung Corporation's heir
Choi Do Kyung.
She'll want 10 times
the money, post it online,
or tell a reporter.
Your noblesse oblige
was always so risky.
Why are you
so considerate?
Come here. Let's talk.
Ji Soo.
Nothing will change
after I leave.
You're my sister,
we'll have our parents,
Ji Tae is Ji Tae,
and Ji Ho is Ji Ho.
It'll be just the same.
Don't be so serious.
How is it the same?
I won't see you every day.
We won't live together.
Neither will we
when we get married.
That's marriage.
This isn't
the same as that.
Must you really go?
Why?
Is it for the money?
You can stay with us
and ask them for a job.
Why do you have to go?
Can't you stay?
Think about it
from their perspective.
Those parents
didn't bring you up.
We spent
every day together.
I don't believe this.
I can't believe it.
Ji Soo.
Hello?
It's the victim.
Hello? Hello?
See?
She hung up.
Her plan's in motion.
Her plan?
(Block number)
The call can't be taken.
She can't pick up.
- She blocked you.
- What?
It's not blackmail then.
How do you know?
If she took photos then...
and wanted to
use them against me,
she wouldn't block me.
Even if she uploaded them
or called a reporter,
she'd still
want to taunt me.
Then what is it?
There's only
one other option.
Honey.
Can you attach
a door right over there?
Sweetie.
Don't start getting ideas.
Too bad I'm getting
even worse ideas now.
Hey.
Let's get a rooftop room.
With the money we spend
to come here.
Hey. A rooftop room
or semi-basement.
Didn't you move into...
a women-only condo
to feel safe?
Who said
I want to live there?
I meant to use it
as our hideout.
A hideout?
Do you want to get married
in a rooftop room?
Don't say
things like that.
Then give up.
This is a perfect hideout.
Reasonably spacious...
and thrilling.
How could you?
We need a reason
to keep dating.
Go home. I'll get inside.
Not here.
We got caught last time.
No, no.
Hey. That hurt.
I'm sorry, Mi Sook.
For what?
I'm sorry
for being Seo Ji Tae.
What do you mean?
Would you feel better
if you were Park Ji Tae?
Go home.
If you're sorry,
go to the wedding
with me tomorrow.
We agreed not to
attend events together.
But he was my first love.
I confessed my love,
and he turned me down.
I don't want to go alone.
I'll look shabby.
Okay, then.
I can't let you
look shabby.
Really?
We raised Ji Soo
like our own daughter.
Let's pretend...
that we swapped our
daughter with theirs.
Do you think Ji Soo will
forgive us?
She'll know that we're
sending Ji An...
to that rich family
instead of her.
As soon as she moves in,
she can go study abroad.
It's not just studying.
She'll get her dream back.
Who made her give up? Why
did she have to give up?
She's happy enough here.
Ji An is unhappy with us.
(Franchise Contract)
Hae Ja, is that you?
Why...
Why are you here?
Where's Ji An?
What are you doing here?
- Ji An.
- She isn't in.
She left to return
something to her friend.
She has a wedding at 3pm
and will be home late.
Sit.
Okay.
My business failed when
Ji An started high school.
She had to
give up her dream.
She had to work
all through college.
That's why she couldn't
maintain good grades...
and struggled
to find a job.
Yes, everything you said
was right. It's all on me.
I didn't mean to
blame you.
I thought about
what you said all night.
I thought again and again.
But still...
This...
This is still wrong.
Please.
It's not too late.
We must correct this.
Are you the only one
who can think?
Do you think
I don't know it's wrong?
That I don't
feel sorry for Ji Soo?
That I didn't
think of her?
Whatever you say,
I won't let Ji An
move into that house.
I won't.
If you ruin things now,
you might
as well kill her.
She'll never recover
from the guilt and shame.
She wanted to go when she
found out they were rich.
But what if it turns out
that she isn't their kid?
Me, me!
I'm Ji An's father.
I'll see to it that
she doesn't get hurt,
so don't ever stop me.
What will you do?
What will you tell her?
Ji An would never go
just to become rich.
You said you scared her.
You said those people
would make us pay...
for not telling the police
that we found her.
That's why
she said she'd go.
Can we have
two vanilla lattes?
Okay... Sure.
Vanilla latte is
her signature coffee now.
This is a lovely place.
Are these what
the students made?
They're pretty good.
- Have a seat.
- Okay.
Seriously.
Find me a couple of chairs
for the store.
Chairs?
For the elderly customers.
Oh. What kind?
I'll find a few online.
No, no. Look for
a furniture store nearby.
I haven't seen
a furniture...
Oh, there is a place
that sells chairs.
- A cafe with furniture...
- Good.
Then here you go.
Go take a look.
- Right now?
- Yes.
Right now, I'm a bit...
You're a bit what? What?
You won't eat
bread or rice.
I don't want to see you
mope all day.
Get going right now.
Okay. Then I'll head off.
Here.
Is this for me?
A late opening present?
It's the jacket
you lent me in Yangpyeong.
I wasn't sure
what you'd need.
Sorry I wasn't at
the opening.
It's fine,
I was just kidding.
I just wanted to
brag about the store.
Where's your office?
Let's drink our coffees
and go have a look.
What's up?
Is this world ending?
Are you emigrating?
You bought me meat,
returned my clothes,
came here,
and now my office?
Because I'm curious
and fascinated.
Come by whenever
you want a break.
I'll make sure
you don't have to pay.
Hyuk.
Why are you so good to me?
Am I good to you?
For just one year in our
first year of high school.
We only met
during carpentry class.
You weren't
like this back then.
Why am I good to you?
There's a reason.
A reason?
You know I was transferred
to your school because...
I got into trouble as
the school year started?
You were the bully
in middle school.
Rumors had spread and...
kids tried to avoid you.
What about that?
My dad sent me to that
school saying I should...
learn a trade since
I couldn't go to college.
We even moved to do so.
Is that why you joined
the carpentry class?
(Carpentry)
If you don't graduate
from high school,
I'll guarantee...
that I'll be in the papers
for killing my own son.
At least learn the basics
of carpentry.
He's so cruel.
- What's going on?
- I don't know.
- You're really good.
- Not bad.
Who are you? A new kid?
Hi.
You sawed through that
like it was nothing.
I fell in love
with carpentry that day.
I'm good at sawing.
Right. I taught you
how to saw.
And the carving knife.
So I'm the one
who led you to...
where you are now.
You were like a spring
back then.
A spring?
I've never seen you
discouraged.
You were always excited...
and said yes to
all requests.
You were so nosy too.
If anyone got mugged,
you'd take me with you
and get the money back.
Did I?
I don't remember it.
You must've been surprised
to see how different I am.
It's not you.
The environment made
you look changed.
Thank you for saying that.
Don't be like that.
We're friends.
I'm not sure.
Do you think we can stay
as friends?
Friends need to share
similar thoughts,
but we're different.
I've changed.
What do you mean?
By the way, who's she?
She's my business partner.
I see.
I forgot to
give you water.
Hello. I'm his friend.
We're friends from
high school.
I see.
Hyuk...
Please be nice to
Mr. Sun Woo.
Excuse me.
Dad.
Are you back in Seoul?
No. I can go now.
Okay. I'll get going now.
- I'm sorry, but...
- I'll call the cab.
I want to give you a ride,
but I have a meeting.
You don't need to.
Can you call a cab for me?
Does he have to
ask me to buy it now...
when I'm so exhausted?
That's Mr. Sun Woo.
Are we Romeo and Juliet
or something?
I can't ever spend
enough time with you.
I'm sorry.
Bye now.
What?
Who's that? Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that? What?
She's beautiful.
I know, right?
By the way, Hyuk.
She's your
high school crush.
Do you still like her?
Shouldn't I?
You haven't met her
for 10 years.
That's enough time
to change the mountains.
Didn't it change
your mind?
It can't possibly change.
No other woman influenced
me like she did.
I guess that's
possible then.
Ji An.
(Whiner)
Why do you have to go?
Can't you stay?
The number you have dialed
is unavailable...
Why isn't she picking up?
Hey, Seo Ji An.
You wouldn't believe
who I just saw.
My goodness.
Pick up, Ji An.
The number you have dialed
is unavailable.
Hey, what about
the chairs?
I'm sorry, Mr. Kang.
I have to go.
What?
Hey.
Dad.
Hey, Ji An.
Why did you want to meet
here? You could go home.
Have a seat. Sit here.
Mom told me everything.
It must've surprised you.
I'm sorry...
for leaving.
Listen to me first.
There's something
I must tell you.
Go ahead.
Don't be surprised
to hear this.
Sure.
Ji An,
you must not...
go to them.
Pardon me?
(My Golden Life)
Are you leaving us
for money?
For money?
Do you know how I lived?
You don't have any rights
to say that to me.
What do you mean?
She must've made her
parents suffer.
You were home.
How did you find me?
I was going to bring...
this 20,500 dollars
to your parents...
and tell them to take good
care of their daughter.
What?
Eun Seok's coming
tomorrow?
Don't be discouraged
when you go there.
Live your life.
I trust Ji An.
I trust my daughter.